Add new vacuum state property and enum (#2360)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity/vacuum.md

| fan_speed | string | `none` | The current fan speed.
| fan_speed_list | list | `NotImplementedError()`| List of available fan speeds.
| name | string | **Required** | Name of the entity.

> | vacuum_state | VacuumEntityState | **Required** | Return one of the states listed in the states section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| activity | VacuumActivity | **Required** | Return one of the states listed in the states section.
```

## States

> Setting the state should return an enum from VacuumEntityState in the `vacuum_state` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the state should return an enum from VacuumActivity in the `activity` property.
```
